My name is Sydney Bristow.
Seven years ago,
I was recruited
by a secret branch of the CIA
called SD-6.
I was sworn to secrecy,
but I couldn't keep it
from my fiancé,
and when the head of SD-6
found out,
he had him killed.
That's when I learned
the truth.
SD-6 is not part of the CIA.
I'd been working
for the very people
I thought
I was fighting against.
So I went to the only place
that could help me
take them down.
Now I'm a double agent
for the CIA,
where my handler
is a man named Michael Vaughn.
Only one other person knows
the truth about what I do.
Another double agent
inside SD-6.
Someone I hardly know.
My father.
Francie...
Will you marry me?
Yes.
Yes, Charlie, I will.
On my voice mail,
you said you were working
on a story about my dad.
David McNeil.
I know my dad won't talk,
because he's afraid
that something bad will
happen to me if he does.
Yeah.
I'm gonna go away.
Now, tomorrow.
Whenever I know that someone
is fighting for my father.
So, please...
...just help my father.
For the past year,
I've been on covert duty
trying to penetrate
Cole's intelligence network.
McKenas Cole.
Former SD-6.
Now he works for someone
he calls "The Man. "
What is that? Perfume?
Whatever this is,
we have it now,
and they don't, because of you.
Not just me.
Because of you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You're looking
at surveillance footage taken
from outside
Tyno-Chem engineering.
Which, as you know,
is the front company
for FTL Headquarters.
You may recognize the man
on the ground as Quan Li.
Wait, wait.
Quan Li was assassinated?
- The head of FTL?
- Yes.
His entire security detail
was ambushed
inside the building,
leaving Li utterly defenseless.
Have you I.D.'d
the shooter?
His face didn't appear
in any of our databases.
He doesn't seem to mind
being photographed.
Now, this young man
led a commando unit
into FTL Headquarters last week
at precisely the same time
that we were attacked here.
The objective was the same.
They were there
to steal a Rambaldi artifact.
Their agent roster
was compromised.
Their entire network crumbled
within hours of the attack.
What you're saying is
FTL no longer exists.
Um, sorry, uh...
stupid question,
but, uh, since FTL is...
sorry, was... an enemy forever,
shouldn't we
be drinking champagne?
Someone had the means
to launch a unilateral attack
on us and FTL,
and we haven't got a clue
who's responsible.
In addition, they now have
what seems to be
the most significant
collection
of Rambaldi artifacts
in the world.
They may have enough
to uncover
what Rambaldi was ultimately
working on before we do.
Oh.
Yeah, that does suck.
This new enemy
isn't stopping there.
Our assets in Vladivostok
intercepted a communiqué
last night.
The group
claiming responsibility
for the two attacks
has contacted K-Directorate.
They've proposed a meeting
later this week
to discuss the sharing
of Rambaldi technology.
This man's name
is Brandon Dahlgren.
He lives year-round
in a penthouse
of the Regal Casino.
He's a go-between
for K-Directorate.
Dahlgren is expecting
to receive a phone call
detailing the time and location
of this meeting.
This is information
that we need.
Dixon, you're on point
for this one.
Sydney, you're on comms.
You're going in
as Darian Buchanan.
He's a delegate from
the Jamaican Parliament
who plans to visit
Las Vegas next week.
As soon as we know that
he's en route,
you'll go in
posing as Buchanan.
You'll be flagged as a V.I.P.
So you can gamble
in the casino's
private gaming suite,
where Dahlgren
regularly plays.
That's where
you'll plant the bug.
Marshall's making one that
matches a ring Dahlgren wears.
Be prepared to leave
as soon as we get word
that Buchanan's plane
is in the air.
That's it.
Sydney, stay a minute.
Is everything okay?
I was about to ask you
the same question.
Listen...
I don't mean to pry,
but I had a conversation
with your father...
about your mother.
He told you
that she was KGB.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I want to tell you again
how much I appreciate
your service to SD-6
during the incident
last week.
Every person here
owes you their life.
How's the finger?
Well...
I'm told
it's gonna heal nicely.
Thank you.
Shall we?
I felt sick.
All those people
standing there.
Patriots. Believing they work
for the U.S. Government.
None of them realizing
the information they gather
is only being used
by heartless men
like Arvin Sloane
for an organization that
would trade their lives
for a profit in a heartbeat.
I just wanted to rip
his finger right off again.
Does that make me
a bad person?
No.
That might have
blown your cover.
You think?
Yeah.
Look, you'll tag Dahlgren
in Vegas.
When SD-6 gets more specifics
about the meeting,
we'll figure out
what our next move is.
Hey, did the guy
from your office
end up reporting you?
Haladki? Yeah, he did.
But Devlin only slapped me
on the wrist,
even though going into SD-6
without clearance
wasn't exactly constitutional.
I was hoping Haladki
would get nailed for snitching,
but I guess we broke even
on this one.
Are you okay?
It's nothing.
I'm just a little bruised.
You can't really tell.
That's 'cause I'm wearing
a pound of cover-up.
We just heard from our
surveillance team in Jamaica.
Buchanan's pilot's been
called to the airstrip.
It could indicate he'll
be off the ground
by the end of the day.
You should be ready to leave
late this afternoon.
That's fine. I just
have to swing by school.
How, uh...
how's that going?
School?
Good.
Okay.
Actually...
since you're asking...
I've gone from thinking
that my mother
was a literature professor
to finding out
that she was KGB.
I'm sure
when you found that out,
you must have felt
as lost as I do.
Last week, I was ready
to leave SD-6.
But maybe I was focusing
on the wrong place.
I think maybe I only went
to grad school because Mom did.
She was a teacher,
so I always thought that was
something I wanted to do.
But now that I know
it was just her cover,
and that it didn't
mean anything to her...
I'm thinking
I should just drop it.
Dad?
Yes, um...
I understand.
I just, um...
I'm not sure
I'm the best person to ask.
Oh.
Okay.
I should go.
- Hey.
I actually have
two tape recorders.
You are the best.
Mine just died.
Oh, great.
What is that?
- What?
- Is that a hickey?
No, is it? What?
Oh, my God.
I have to go to a meeting.
Wait. I actually have cover-up.
- Do you have enough?
- Yeah, I've got enough.
- It's very embarrassing.
- The fact that I saw it,
or just that it's there?
No, look at it.
I feel like I'm 15 years old.
That's about the age
of your intern.
When I said 15,
I knew you were...
Did the Clinton Administration
teach you nothing?
Well, I'm not married.
I can date...
Don't start defending
your thing with Jenny.
She's not in your league.
Well, who's in my league?
Just what league?
Show me a league,
and I'll buy the ticket.
I'll go to the meetings.
I'll try to find those people.
Where are they?
Is it good?
Yeah.
What?
Nothing.
The next time that Charlie and I
go to breakfast
with our parents,
remind me that mimosas
are verboten.
Oh, God.
Today was the big brunch.
They didn't get along?
They got along so well,
they're going on vacation.
What's wrong with that?
That's nice.
Nice? That is the makings
of a disaster.
They're going away without us
and plan the whole wedding.
Where are you off to this time?
Vegas.
Vegas. What was I just saying?
Where should we go?
After that brunch,
Vegas isn't far enough.
I'm serious.
Baby, that's our cue.
We could just go tonight.
Wait. This is not
a vacation for me.
There's this
public-relations conference...
Sydney, we don't need you
to babysit.
What I mean is...
I'd want to hang out
with you guys.
Just wait a week.
We'll all go together.
All right, I guess.
Ugh, that breakfast blew.
You'll tell me about it later.
I got to go to school.
I got to go, too.
Oh, hey.
I got a gig on Thursday,
and I was wondering
if you wouldn't mind
putting up some fliers
on campus for me?
Yeah. Do I get 10%?
Sure. I'll give you
that dollar now.
You want to help
put some up, too?
My meeting's at a prison.
You never know.
Take care, man.
All right, Will.
I'm surprised you wanted
to meet with me so soon.
I spent
eight years in this place
living in fear of what
these people might do
to my daughter, to Kelly.
You come in here
and start asking me
questions about SD-6.
I just wasn't prepared.
I understand.
But...
Kelly came to me.
She told me she met you,
about her conversation
with Robert,
about her going away, and...
I can't spend another
eight years like this.
I need to talk.
Is Kelly safe?
I'm not gonna
do the story otherwise.
I'm her father.
Neither would I.
Yeah, she's been sent away.
She's out of the country.
Cost me nearly everything
I have left, but, uh...
but she's safe.
Okay, so, who are they?
What do they do?
What the hell's SD-6?
All right, I'm gonna
tell you what I know.
But first, there's
something you have to do.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Hi, I'm Will Tippin.
I'm here to interview
Mr. Glasner.
McNEIL:
You have to contact a company
called O.T. Technologies
and tell them you want
to interview their CEO.
His name is Larry Glasner.
Why would I want
to interview Mr. Glasner?
You don't, but you got to
get into the building.
I used to work there,
and before my trial,
I did something illegal,
but really smart.
I knew there were people
that wanted to use
my encryption software
and that someone was
gonna use it for no good.
So I wrote a subroutine
in the program
that would send a tag
to a dedicated server.
I don't really know
the technical jargon.
It's like a digital guest book.
Anybody that uses the program
would unknowingly sign in.
I wanted to make sure
there was a trail in case
I wanted to pursue the people
that were setting me up.
There's a list of people
that used your program?
Right.
It should be on a server
in the computer room
at O.T. Tech.
Once you get
into the building,
you're gonna tell them that
you want to use the restroom.
Excuse me, can you tell me
where the restroom is, please?
McNEIL: Three doors past
the bathroom on the first floor
is the door
to the computer room.
The passcode is 4747.
Once you're in, you're gonna
log on to the system.
I'll give you
all the access codes.
You're gonna search
for a file called Dolphin.
Download it.
That's the one.
That's our road map.
That's gonna lead us to SD-6.
Your paper had
the unlucky distinction
of being
the last one I graded.
I didn't come for the paper.
I've decided
to leave the program,
and I need your signature
to drop the course.
Why?
I've been just
wearing myself too thin...
trying to finish the program
and do my job.
You were so right when you said
that work was
getting in the way here.
But the fact is...
I'm not sure I want
to be a teacher anymore.
Sydney...
you're one of the best
students I've ever had.
That's it.
That's my pep talk.
But I urge you...
think about it a little more
before you make
your final decision.
Oh, my God.
What?
I didn't know
Charlie was a singer.
You know Charlie?
Yeah, unfortunately.
You were in "British Authors
Before 1800."
Oh, yeah.
That was a good class.
Stella Campbell.
Sydney Bristow.
Why do you say "unfortunately"?
Oh, I don't know.
It was nothing.
We went out
for a few months,
and he was just a jerk
when he ended it.
He's just a guy.
How long ago?
Just a few months ago.
Whatever.
- A few months?
- Yeah. Why?
Because he's engaged
to a friend of mine.
Charlie Bernard.
Are you sure it's him?
How long has he been engaged?
- How long did you two go out?
- Just a few months.
- A few months?
- What a pig.
God, it figures.
Who's your friend?
Rachel? That blond girl?
'Cause I thought something
was going on with her.
No, my friend is someone else.
Oh, listen.
You know what?
I just really need to learn
how to keep my mouth shut.
I'll see you around.
Okay.
Will, I don't know what to do.
Are you sure
it's the same Charlie?
Yes, and Francie
is gonna be devastated.
This just doesn't make
any sense.
I don't understand.
Who the hell lives
a double life like that?
Seriously.
There are people.
Yeah, I guess.
How am I gonna tell her?
Um...
Okay, okay.
Let me make a suggestion.
Yeah, make sure
she's sitting down,
and make sure
that she is very drunk.
Yeah, you got to get her
sauced, because...
This is really gonna hurt.
It is gonna hurt.
I'll call you later.
Okay.
Can you focus?
We're trained to see details...
to read people in situations...
to look at clues, red flags.
I started to think I was
getting pretty good at it.
It turns out my best friend's
fiancé is a cheat.
Out of the blue?
I guess, in retrospect,
there were signs.
But he could be so sweet
to her, you know?
I don't have to lecture you
about people's capacity
to keep secrets.
I'll be in touch as soon as
I'm into the casino's database.
Marshall says this
is an exact replica
of Dahlgren's ring.
Exact will be nice.
Thanks.
And good luck.
You too.
Miss, this entrance
is for employees only.
Oh, sorry.
I just started on Friday.
My mistake.
I'm in.
- Oh, my God.
- Syd, what's wrong?
You're not gonna believe it.
Francie and Charlie are here.
- Did they see you?
- No.
Just make sure they don't.
How far off are you?
Give me two minutes.
Say you want
to hack into a casino.
Do you remember
how tight security was
in that Siberian silo
a couple years ago?
Cakewalk compared to Vegas.
Casino security
is like an onion.
It's layer after layer
after layer.
The more you peel back,
the more you want to cry.
Face recognition,
video surveillance.
The only way
to get inside the system
is to splice directly into
one of the fiber optic cables,
but any interruption in
the feed will alert security.
Except the one thing
nobody else has but you is me,
and I...
have this.
This is a razor prism.
It will cut directly
into any fiber optic cable,
plus it will allow you
total access without
interrupting the data stream.
Okay, Dixon, go.
Sir, Mr. Buchanan has arrived.
Mr. Buchanan, it's a pleasure
to make your acquaintance.
Likewise.
We weren't expecting you
until tomorrow.
Yes, I know.
I came ahead of the delegation
to win back the money
I lost last year.
Do I suspect the U.S. Senate
hosts these conferences here
so that we will lose
our shirts?
Perhaps you'll be
more comfortable
in our private gaming suite.
Oh, okay.
Yes, thank you.
Syd, hey. We're in Vegas.
We're here.
What room are you in?
Give me a call on my cellphone
when you get this message.
Where the hell are you?
I'll talk to you soon.
Number 9.
We have a winner.
We just got here,
and we're up 100 bucks.
All right, all right.
Was coming to Vegas
the greatest idea or what?
Hey, check it out.
What?
There's a wedding chapel.
Aw, come on.
Why not?
Just think about it.
Just us, no parents,
no hassle.
I understand you have
a line of credit with us.
Would you like
to draw down on it?
Yes, man. I usually start off
with half a million.
I feel lucky today.
Okay.
Dahlgren is
at the back poker table.
May I join you?
Yeah, sure.
Good luck, sir.
Thank you.
The game
is 5-card draw, sir.
Pot limit.
Minimum bet is $5,000.
Okay.
Dahlgren's got a pair of jacks
and an ace kicker.
I always start off modestly.
It leaves me room
to get out of hand.
$50,000.
Bets, please.
In case you're wondering,
I draw an inside straight.
$ 120,000.
Not my hand.
Hmm.
Americans.
Them really gullible.
Good evening.
Francie, what are you doing?
Oh, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, please, no.
Dixon, listen.
Hold on the switch.
Play a few more hands.
Let him get to know
your poker face.
If this is okay,
if I can go radio silent
for two minutes,
clear your throat.
Going radio silent.
Thank you kindly.
If you'll just sign the bride
and groom's registry...
Hey!
I was finishing my meeting
across the casino,
and I saw you guys.
What are you doing here?
I know we made a deal,
but I bought the tickets anyway.
No, what are you doing here?
Are you guys getting married?
I know it sounds crazy.
No, no.
I totally get it.
I called you.
Will you be our witness?
I need to talk to Charlie
privately for two seconds.
Okay.
What's up?
I met a friend of yours today.
Who?
Stella Campbell.
So...
how's Stella doing?
Does Francie know anything about
your relationship with her?
You and I are friends.
I have nothing against you
going into this.
I swear to God, if you marry
Francie without telling her
what you've been up to,
I will kill you.
- Sydney.
- No discussion.
You don't tell her, I will.
You got it?
Yeah.
Yeah, I got it.
Tell Francie
I had to get back to work.
I'll call her later.
Number of cards, please?
Give me two cards, man.
What the hell?
I'm out of here after this.
I'll take three.
My friend,
the night's still young.
The night began
$86,000 ago, my friend.
Hey, what's wrong?
Where's Sydney?
Fran, we got to talk.
Yeah.
Sir, we have a problem.
We can't get married like this.
Why not?
I want to do it right.
With all our friends
and family there.
Don't you?
I'll see you $ 10,000...
and raise $ 15,000...
which is all the chips
I have left.
I see your raise,
and to show you
that I'm not a greedy man,
I will raise you
something personal.
This.
A gift from King Fahd
of Saudi Arabia.
Got this watch.
I have a watch.
But I don't have no ring.
My fraternity ring?
It's not worth anything.
If it's worth something
to you,
it's worth something to me.
Dixon, I'm back.
Screw it.
This is my last hand anyway.
Dahlgren's got a flush.
You're gonna lose.
You got to make the switch now.
Three wise men.
Flush.
Thanks for a good game, man.
Dixon, something's wrong.
The floor manager's coming
to your suite with security.
Sir, I have an urgent
message for you.
Will you follow me
outside, please?
Yes, of course.
Hold on!
What is the meaning of this?
Your attaché just called.
Apparently,
you're stuck in Jamaica.
I suppose there are
worse places to be stuck.
Dixon!
So we're down $300...
I kept looking for you,
hoping you'd give us some luck.
Thank God you didn't,
because this huge lady
with yellow hair
sits right next to me
from heaven.
All of a sudden,
we are on a huge streak.
How much did you win?
$2,000.
Wow!
Look what he bought me.
Isn't it pretty?
Yeah, it's really sweet.
What did you say to Charlie
about not getting married?
What did he tell you
that I said?
He didn't.
I just wanted to thank you.
You know me,
Miss Spontaneous.
I would have regretted
getting married there.
It was stupid.
I don't know how to say this
without it being horrible...
but I ran into this girl
on campus...
who said that she had
an affair with Charlie...
two months ago.
Francie, I am so sorry.
What are you talking about?
Who is this girl?
Her name was Stella.
I don't know.
- You don't even know her?
- No.
That's so unlike you,
to believe a stranger.
- Wait. I like Charlie.
- No, you don't.
Francie, when have I ever
said or done...
You have not been supportive
of us getting married at all!
You don't know this girl!
- Is this what you told Charlie?
- Yes, and he didn't deny it.
He didn't admit it,
though, did he?
No, he didn't.
Sydney, there are a lot of
things that we haven't
said to each other lately.
Like what?
I knew you didn't like Charlie
when you didn't show up
to look at wedding dresses.
That was only about work.
I'm so sick
of your stupid bank job!
Ever since
you started working there,
you've been elitist
and private and distant.
You've let me live here,
and that's fine,
but you and I were closer
when I lived with Charlie,
which is where
I should have stayed.
I don't even know
who you are anymore.
And I don't want to.
That is tough.
It was more than tough.
It was revealing.
Not just about Charlie,
but about us.
What do you mean? It's more
than just Francie and Charlie?
I don't know if she's gonna
want to be my friend.
Syd, look...
you just gave her
the worst news of her life.
How do you expect her to react?
Yeah. I guess.
How many more hickeys
have you got?
Shut up.
Just asking.
I got to do an interview,
anyway.
Listen, it's gonna be fine.
I'll call you later.
Hello?
It's me.
Your trip to Vegas
was a success.
I just thought you should know.
Well, that's good.
We intercepted
a phone call to Dahlgren
off the transmitter you planted.
Linguistics
is translating it now.
Is there anything I can do?
If you have the time...
I'd like you
to meet me somewhere.
So, why are we at a carousel?
You always loved this spot.
Your mother and I
used to bring you here.
I had just been transferred
to the Los Angeles field office.
You were 2 years old.
We'd watch you go around
on the carousel and...
talk about our day...
the future...
and, sometimes, foolishly,
my work at the CIA.
I never imagined
that our conversations
were being passed along
to the KGB.
I haven't been back
to this park in 20 years.
Why did you bring me here now?
When you asked me
the other day about school...
I couldn't help you.
I'm out of practice...
when it comes to
personal matters.
Dad, I'm in no rush.
Believing your mother
was a professor
may have influenced you
somewhat, but...
the decision
to go back to school...
was yours.
And I'd trust that.
I think that...
if you stick with it...
you could become
the kind of teacher
your students
will always remember.
Thank you.
Linguistics successfully
decoded Dahlgren's phone call,
but we still don't know
who the mystery agency is
or who's behind it.
Learning that information
and getting a visual I.D. Of
"The Man" is our top priority.
I'm tired of referring to him
as "The Man. "
I want to know who he is.
The meeting with K-Directorate
is scheduled to take place
20 hours from now
at an office building
in Moscow.
Your mission is
to surveil the meeting
in hopes of obtaining
information
that leads us to "The Man. "
This is a flash memory card.
It's compatible
with the fiber optic camera
you'll be using
in the K-Directorate meeting.
On your flight home,
just leave it in the plane.
Seat pocket, 15-C.
One of our agents
will pick it up.
15-C.
Yeah.
Last week, when you talked
about quitting SD-6...
I was being naive.
No, what you said about wanting
to go to a hockey game...
wanting me to be
part of your life...
I think I wasn't
clear about something.
That it would be nice
to be in public with you,
to actually
get to look at you.
Grab a pizza
or go to a hockey game.
I wasn't clear that
I would really like that,
too.
Good luck in Russia.
Hey.
Where have you been?
Three movies.
Charlie told me everything.
I think everything.
You were right.
# You bring me #
# To the heart
of a golden man #
# You bring me #
# To the natural truth #
Sweetie, I'm so sorry.
I feel so stupid.
And I'm so sorry I said
all of those things to you.
It's okay.
You know I'm on your side,
right?
Thank God.
You're dropping a class?
No.
How's it hanging, Syd?
Very funny.
We're on. They're heading
toward the building now.
Fiber optic camera is hot.
Okay, Syd, we're live.
Okay. Going for audio.
Gentlemen, welcome.
I'm Mr. Sark.
Director of Operations.
On behalf of my employer...
Who is your employer?
Certainly, he doesn't expect us
to continue referring to him
as "The Man. "
I'm afraid my employer's
identity will have to
remain confidential for now.
This is no way to begin
a negotiation.
My employer sends
his apologies, Comrade Ivankov,
and has authorized me
to detail our proposal,
with your approval.
You seem young
for such responsibility.
My employer's offer is simple.
We will transfer $ 100 million
into your Cayman shell account.
Number A6112B.
Sydney, that isn't
a K-Directorate representative.
It's llyich Ivankov,
the head of K-Directorate.
How did you know that number?
In exchange, you will give us
the Rambaldi manuscript
you recently acquired
in Argentina
and whatever analysis
you made of its content.
$ 100 million.
That's quite an opening offer.
It is a final offer.
We both know the Rambaldi
manuscript is priceless.
Therefore, it's not for sale.
I've been authorized to tell you
that this offer expires
in 60 seconds.
Is this a joke?
55 seconds.
You tell your employer,
if he ever wastes my time
like this again,
our next meeting
will not be so cordial.
Congratulations, Comrade Kessar.
You have
just inherited control
of the indestructible
K- Directorate.
You've also inherited
what I hope is, by now,
a very simple decision.
The offer still stands.
Unfortunately, you...
only have 20 seconds
left to decide.
We...
We have an agreement.
My employer
will be so pleased.
Sydney!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org